update plugin dependencies (#170)
VictoriaMetrics/victorialogs-datasource: CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * FEATURE: update plugin dependencies and add a check process for all releases the integrity of plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: update plugin dependencies to satisfy Grafana marketplace requirements
* FEATURE: add check process for plungi integrity on releases.
```
